# `ni-apis types`## `DoubleWaveform` datatypeThis type has been created to make it easy to interact with the LabVIEW waveform datatype.The Waveform datatype include the timing information, waveform values and attributes.A lot of thoughts was put into the choice of the datatype for the timing information.While the integrated *google.protobuf.Timestamp* datatype provide helper functions to convert POSIX time to timestamp, and read from JSON strings, it is not as accurate as the LabVIEW timestamp datatype.Because of this reason, we chose to define the t0 (trigger time of the waveform) as a new *PrecisionTimestamp* datatype, modelled after the LabVIEW timestamp datatype.For additional details on the design choices, please refer to [this pull request](https://github.com/ni/ni-apis/pull/40).## `PrecisionTimestamp` datatypeA PrecisionTimestamp represents a point in time expressed in NI Binary Time Format (NI-BTF).NI-BTF stores time values in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) format.A PrecisionTimestamp is encoded as a count of seconds and fractions of seconds at 2 exp(-64) resolution. The count is relative to an epoch at UTC midnight on January 1, 1904, Universal Time.## `PrecisionDuration` datatypeA PrecisionDuration represents a signed, fixed-length span of time represented as a count of seconds and fractions of seconds at 2 exp(-64) resolution. It is independent of any calendar and concepts like "day" or "month". It is related to PrecisionTimestamp in that the difference between two PrecisionTimestamp values is a PrecisionDuration and it can be added or subtracted from a PrecisionTimestamp. Range is approximately +-10,000 years.## `DoubleXYData` datatypeXYData for a cartesian graph.